#31 CI test with V8 (#43)
exasol/exasol-virtual-schema-lua: doc/developer_guide/developer_guide.md

To make this process easier, the [Maven POM file](../../pom.xml) contains an execution that automates this step. Still it is necessary to add new modules by hand in the list of modules to be bundled in the POM.

> Note that the entry point `request_dispatcher.lua` is a regular Lua script that must be added to the bundle using the `--script` switch and its relative path. The remaining bundle elements are Lua modules and must be listed in dot-notation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the entry point `entry.lua` is a regular Lua script that must be added to the bundle using the `--script` switch and its relative path. The remaining bundle elements are Lua modules and must be listed in dot-notation.
```

### Run Unit Tests From Terminal

To run unit tests from terminal, you first need to install test dependencies (this will also run tests):

```bash
luarocks --local test
```

> After that you can try to run any test file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that you can to run an individual test file like this:
```

```bash
lua spec/build_preconditions_spec.lua
```

> To just run all unit tests, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To just execute all unit tests, run the following command:
```
